
Prediction Challenge

Uber is interested in predicting future requests from its users.  In the
accompanying directory you will find two csv files containing records of
trips.  Each contains a time/datestamp, a pickup and dropoff latitude and
longitude, and an id for the user.  The two files are meant to be used for
training and for testing as indicated in their name.

The goal of this challenge is to demonstrate your coding skills as well as
your ability to build machine learning based predictive models.  The
suggested amount of time to spend is a few hours.  Please consider the
suggestions below and choose something that you can finish in that amount
of time.  C/C++ or Python are suggested languages but feel free to use
whatever language is easiest for you to complete the task.

Here are some potential tasks to choose from:

1. Write a prediction algorithm for some feature of the data.  Some options
   are:

   a. Given a user, predict what time of day they are likely to next
      request a ride.

   b. Given a user and a time/datestamp, predict where they will ask to be
      picked up.

   c. Given a user, a time/datestamp, and pickup location, predict where
      they will ask to be dropped off.

   Create an API to make the predictions, and also code that uses the API
   to report summary statistics on prediction accuracy on the test set.

2. If you are uncomfortable writing prediction algorithms, feel free to
   demonstrate your coding expertise by implementing a simple query tool
   that returns a subset of the training data.  In that case, you might
   also demonstrate additional coding skills.  Some options are:

   a. create a web service for accepting queries and returning results.

   b. create an interesting visualization of the returned results.  

When you are finished add a writeup explaining what you did, the
methodology you used, any observations you made along the way, and any
thoughts you have about interesting things that could have been done given
more time.  Email back your source code, writeup, and some sample results
from executing your program.


